So welcome to the second part of Stack Set.
So now we're going to add stacks into our stack set.
So for this, we're just going to do action
and then add stacks to stack sets
and we are able to specify more regions and more accounts.
So lets you specify the same account number again,
And we're good to go
As well as specifying more regions so we can have
for example, one more region, the London region and so on.
Again, same deployment options.
I'll click on next.
If you want to override some values parameters
you could right here.
Click on next and then this looks good and submit.
So what this is going to do is
that this is going to do another operation
to create some more stack instances within our stack set.
So if I go to stack instances, we can see right here
we have some information
around that where the stacks have been deployed so far.
And so we were able to add a stacks in the stack sets.
So that it, my deployment is now current
and we've seen how to add stack sets,
stacks within our stack sets.
I will see you in the next lecture for some drifts.